Informing and winning the comeback
In the otome game, the event of the appearance of a magical beast was over as soon as the beast was defeated, and the heroine and her attacker went right back to their lives.
But when you think about it, it's no surprise that the Magic Academy was in great turmoil.

The campus was filled with armed guards from the imperial capital, and the atmosphere was somber.
It seems that they are searching everywhere to see if there is a hexenbiest lurking somewhere in the vast area, or if they can find at least a clue as to why the hexenbiest suddenly appeared.

All classes were cancelled, and students were instructed to return to their dormitories and not to go outside. Ekaterina, who witnessed the appearance of the magical beast, as well as Alexei and Mikhail, who directly confronted it, were asked to provide information.
Flora, however, was taken by the appraiser to be reappraised for her magical attributes, so they were separated.
This is what happened between Ekaterina and Alexei over the provision of this information.



I'll talk to the guards. You should go back to your dormitory and get some rest. You've never used that much magic before, you must be exhausted.

Alexei started to say, and Ekaterina's eyes widened.

"No, brother. I'm fine. I'm the only one who saw the moment that hexenbiest appeared, and I have to tell you exactly what I saw.

I'd like to provide information because I want to know why and how the hexenbiest appeared there. And if you put a person in between, the information will inevitably deteriorate.
But Alexei shook his head.

"No. You're not a strong person by nature, what if you fall down again? You have to be more aware and take better care of yourself.

I want to say that the reason why I collapsed is something else. I want to say ……that the cause of my collapse is something else, but I can never tell you what it is.

"Brother, I think it is our duty to cooperate with the investigation to prevent something like ……this from happening again. It would be a disgrace to the name of the Dukes of Eurnova if we were to rest alone without fulfilling our duty.

Alexei's eyes softened a little when I appealed to the pride of the three dukes.

You've been honorable enough, Ekaterina. You showed courage and spirit by facing the magical beast alone to help your classmates escape. I am proud of my noble sister, who is worthy of the name Yurnova. So, you should rest now.

"Brother.
"Ekaterina.

Alexei's voice becomes harsher.

You've been good. That's for sure.
But at the same time, it was reckless. Don't you see?

I don't know…….

You've never been trained to fight hexenbiests. You've never been trained to fight hexenbiests, in fact, you've only recently learned to control normal magic. Judging from your calmness, you should have run away. There was no guarantee that His Highness or I would have come running.

Ugh …….
Well, that's true, but……... I had to do it because of the game thing!
Wow, just like the prince said, you're being lectured by your brother⁉︎
And I'm kind of nodding off, aren't I? Even when I was a company employee in my previous life, if I had any objections, I would say what I wanted to say to my boss or to my clients!
What is it? Is it because you have a good voice? Is it because you're so righteous? No, it's not.
The spirit.
No one in my previous life, not even my boss or my clients, could speak with such enthusiasm in every word. The prince said that even as a child he was subjected to sermons that were harder to bear than those of adults. I know it's a little late, but brother, are you really seventeen years old⁉︎?

Have you given it any ……thought?

Suddenly, Alexei's voice shook.

I was startled by the sudden presence of a hexenbiest and looked out of the classroom window. I looked out the window of the classroom, startled by the sudden presence of a hexenbiest, and saw you and a hexenbiest in the practice room. Even the teacher was running away, and my sister was trying to face it alone. Do you know how I felt when I saw that?

Uh-oh…….

I thought I was going to lose you. I thought I was going to lose you. I'm not afraid of hexenbiests, but I……'m…… afraid of what you might do to you.
At that time, I saw a magical beast attacking you behind a crumbling mud wall. I thought I couldn't save you. That moment…….

Alexei's tone of voice was painful itself, and Ekaterina gasped.

"I thought if I lost you, I'd freeze this useless heart out, too. I didn't want to live anymore.
"Brother!

Using one's own magical power to end one's life is the manner of death for the nobility of this country, much like the seppuku of the samurai in a previous life.

"I have no one left but you. If I lose you, what will I do with my life?
Think about it. I told you, if anything happened to you, I wouldn't be alive. You are my life. You hold my life in your hands. Know…… that.

"Brother……?

Think about it.……

Oh, no! Brother, you're crying⁉︎

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Please don't cry!

She jumped on Alexei with a thud and was half-crying herself.

"My brother is my life too! My brother is the most important thing to me, I would do anything for him, he is my happiness, and yet... he is...
I'm sorry…….
"I can't forgive myself! I'm sorry, big brother!

Alexei didn't say anything.

Hmm?

Ekaterina quickly moved away from Alexei and looked up into her brother's face.

"You're smiling, brother!
"No…….

Alexei shakes his head, but for all intents and purposes, his face is smiling. He looks very happy.

Oh, my God! You tricked me⁉︎
No, it's just that you're too...
"I knew you were smiling! Liar!

I was about to cry for real!
Oh, my God! What am I going to do!

I'll do it like this!

Ekaterina reached out and ruffled Alexei's hair.

The retaliation was so childish that Alexei finally started laughing out loud. It wasn't retaliation of any kind, as he had lowered his head a little to make it easier for his sister.

 ……I had enough of ruffling my hair for ten seconds.
Or rather, I can't stand the stupidity of what I'm doing, and my hand stops.

I'm sorry…….

Puffing up, Ekaterina took her hand away from her brother's hair. It was embarrassing as Alaska, but sometimes you just want to puff up.

Are you done?

Alexei asks from under his messy bangs. A brighter-than-usual light dances in his neon blue eyes.
I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's a good idea.

I'm ……sorry.

Ekaterina reached over and fixed her messy hair with a hand comb. Alexei narrowed his eyes.

I'm sorry I caused you so much worry. I won't do anything like that again.
Yeah.

Now that the heroine, Flora, has awakened to her own magical powers and cleared the event, we shouldn't have to go into the route of the destruction of the empire with a series of attacks by magical beasts anymore. So there's no need to fight against magical beasts anymore.
 ……No.

I'm afraid to go back to the dormitory by myself,…… no matter how close I am. I feel safest when I'm by your side. Therefore, I was wondering if you would allow me to accompany you to the guard station.

I'm sorry…….

After a brief pause, Alexei sighed.
Okay, come-from-behind victory.

"You're a ……good selfish boy, you're really smart.
All right. I'll drop you off at your dorm later.

Working people shouldn't give up after one or two times if they want to get their requests approved.
I guess I should have said this from the beginning.
I've learned!
