Event clearing and positioning issues
Good for you.

Oh, shit.

My heart almost jumped out of my mouth at the sudden voice. Before I knew it, Mikhail was standing next to me.

Ah, Prince Sorry! I totally forgot it existed!
What a fact that must not be noticed!

And the next moment I thought, Mikhail's eyes glittered.
I don't know ……why, but I…… think they know I forgot about it.

Once everyone knows that Yulnova is officially behind Miss Cherny, her school life will be safe. You won't have to be with her all the time and keep an eye on her, she'll be safe now.

I'm not sure if you know that ……Flora is being mean to me. I'm not going to be able to get away with it. I'm sure you'll be able to find a way to make it work.

And then I suddenly realize that the prince's uniform is dirty with dirt and dust. The prince's uniform is stained with dirt and dust.

Oh,…… that's a wall! I wanted to protect my brother and the prince from magical beasts, but I lost control and collapsed…….

"Your Highness, I'm sorry.

In a panic, Ekaterina flapped Mikhail's uniform.

When I think about it, those clay walls weren't necessary at all…….
Both your brother and the prince could have handled it better on their own.
On the contrary, it's going to be a jumping off point for the hexenbiest, and it's going to make them both unable to release their magical powers because they lost control and crashed on top of them.……
I just put myself in a bind. That's not good at all.……

"Your Highness, I am so grateful that you have come in spite of yourself. And yet, I am not in…… tune with this.

Dazedly muttering. And Mikhail smiled.

I got something good the other day. What a rare thing for a young lady to make.

 ……The power of feeding, wow.
No, I guess it's because of the laws of the game. The game says that the prince is supposed to come to the heroine's rescue, so he came.

Alexei and I are both trained in magical combat, and we have experience in sweeping up magical beasts. And we have experience in sweeping up demonic beasts. If you've never had that kind of training, it's only natural that you would run out of power in there.

Ugh ……. I'm not sure if I'm following or blaming you…….
Wait a minute. The experience of sweeping up a hexenbiest, who is only fifteen years old and the number one in the line of succession to the throne, is not doing anything to me!

Well, aside from Alexei, my slaying of the monsters was just a ritual and all the arrangements were made. I'm sorry to be so high and mighty. The Yurnova territory has a lot of powerful demonic beasts, so I'm sure Alexei must have led a serious sweep many times.

Laughing, Mikhail reveals the seed.
I see... I mean, you're talking about a ritual in which you killed a hexenbiest that you had already marked out in advance, surrounded by soldiers, right? I'd be afraid to face that thing. And with all that experience, how could you calm down such a huge magical beast and defeat it with a water spear? On the contrary, it's amazing.
And the scope of the Duke's operations is too broad! President of a general trading company, governor, and commander of a beast sweeping! Brother, wow!

But you had better brace yourself. As for Alexei, I'm sure he'll lecture you later when you've calmed down. Alexei is very strict with me, and it's very hard to be lectured to. We've been playmates since we were little, but it was more difficult for me to be lectured by Alexei than by an adult, so my mother would call him when I did something wrong. Good luck to you.

Ugh……. No, no, what about the adults around it! However, as expected of big brother…….
My brother is a sis-con, I'm not going to preach to you!
Looks like you're having fun, Prince……. Is it pretty bad character? Because we are the villainous daughter?

"So before I go, I'll tell you.

Mikhail smiles.
What a wow!
It doesn't matter what a freshman in high school says, Alaska doesn't matter!

"You were very brave.

 ……Yes?

I was so scared that I was crying, but you did a great job.
I think the four of us here, including the faculty and staff, have the strongest magical power in this magical school. Because you stepped up, the four of us were able to come together and join forces without any casualties.
It would be reckless to stand alone, but I think it was a very noble thing you did.

 ………………………….

Let's see.
Oh no, it's not a compliment.
I just did my best because I had knowledge of the game and I knew that if I didn't beat that thing, I would be in trouble.
But, hey, yeah I'm ……glad.

Maybe it's because I just remembered something from my previous life's work. When I was told that if I didn't recover the system failure within three hours, I would have to pay for the damage.
I was able to identify the cause of the problem in fifteen minutes by myself, and from there I was able to restore it in thirty minutes.
When I reported to them for recovery, they asked me to summarize the cause and preventive measures and submit a report by the time the client's business started.
The cause? It's because of the specs change that I was forced to make, even though I said it was impossible, you idiot!
I made the report without saying "I'm sorry, but I'll do it. SE is such a job.

This time, I worked hard and received a compliment.
That's all there is to it, but I'm annoyed with myself.
In a previous life, I was used to being unrewarded, but it was still hard for me.

Thank you, Prince.
Crying over Alaska at the age of fifteen, you are a terrifying child. In the future, you will become a respectable leader, adored and feared by many subordinates.

And then Mikhail took Ekaterina's hands in both hands.

I hope I made you sad. I'm sorry.
No, no, no, not at all.
That's good. Hey, if you could, from now on, please call me Mikhail and not Your Highness.
"Yes……you.

The reason why I let out a careless voice unbecoming of a young lady is because I remember Mikhail's words. In a previous life's maiden game.
The prince, whose intimacy with the heroine has increased after they fought off a magical beast together, says to her, "You can call me Mikhail. He asked her to call me Mikhail.
To the heroine! Lines to say. This place matters!
Don't tell the villain's daughter.

"Oh, I'm sorry, sir.
Alexei didn't even call me his highness until he took over the title. As soon as he succeeded to the duke, he started talking about the order of his subjects.
You're a relative, and you're not a duke. There's no problem with that.

No problem! I can't tell you what the problem is!
What to do about this? What is the right way to avoid the ruin flag?

"Your Highness.

Suddenly became cooler. Not the temperature, but the back.

It was Alexei, of course, who approached me.
Taller than usual, but appear to be larger than usual. For unknown reasons, they appear to tower.
But the gaze is sub-zero.

"Oh, sorry.

In a panic, Mikhail let go of Ekaterina's hand.
What, because of this?
That's my brother, putting his sister before the order of his reign. Siskon unwavering.

Alexei, who stepped up beside Ekaterina, took his sister's hand and looked down at Mikhail.

Your Highness, I ask that you refrain from any behavior that might damage my sister's reputation. I ask that you strictly refrain from any behavior that could damage my sister's reputation.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I was so impressed by her courage. Your sister is very brave and lovely.

I don't know if it's just a handful of people who have a bad reputation. But I'm sure that was the case with the British Victorian aristocracy and all that. Let's be careful.

But, Prince……, are you trying to take advantage of your brother's sis-con, and are you trying to compliment me to death?
Smart and clever at your age, good job. Your sister is really looking forward to your future.

I'd like you to call me by my name, Miss Cherny. It was wonderful to see your magic power to defeat that magical beast. I would be happy to be your friend.

Oh!
Prince, wow. You're getting close to the heroine.
All right, I'm in!

I am honored. You know, Lady Flora, it would be nice if you could call me by my name and not by my daughter. I would be happy if you would call me by my name instead of "Miss". Lady Flora, if you don't mind.
Yes, yes. If you say so, Miss Ekaterina.

Flora, who had come up next to Ekaterina on the other side of him, along with Alexei, rolled her eyes and then smirked.
And then take Ekaterina's arm and come entwining her arms.

Oh, cute. The power of a close-range grin…….
And then he came over to me to put his arms around me from the other side.
Calling Ekaterina instead of Yulnova has also taken hold, and it feels like we're getting closer.

Isn't this situation great? Brother in one hand and heroine in the other. Gorgeous in both hands, or rather, gorgeous in both hands.
And in front of you is a prince.

 ……I think the positioning is a little odd, though.
Flora, can't you be a little more friendly to the Prince? I have a feeling that you're giving the prince a hard look.

To capture the prince, it's not a good idea to go for a giggle, so it's okay.
You are a hunter who chases after people when they pull away, and you are a carnivorous type who gets burned by people who are in the way or have obstacles.
I'm also curious about how the big brother route was born, Flora, good luck!
