Fighting Together
Screaming, the students ran away from the training area.

That's it! Hurry up and run!
This is too scary, even in my previous life I was a little scared when I came across a golden retriever wandering around without a leash, but this is a grizzly bear-sized predator staring at me like it's ready to kill me. It's a hundred million times scarier than a golden retriever, fear incarnate!

One of the fleeing girls fell, her legs tangled. She was crawling in a state of panic.
The hexenbiest then leaned forward. As if smiling, it opened its mouth, lined with three rows of pointed fangs.

At the tip of its nose, a thud! I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one who's a fan of your work.

In the event you're not sure what you're looking for, you'll be able to find a lot more information here. In the meantime, the fallen female student had gotten up and escaped out of the training area.

The hexenbiest turned its head and glared at us. You can see it in its all-black eyes, a dull anger.
You understand,......, who the magic power that created the earthen wall belongs to.

I'm not sure what to do. If we all run away, this guy will probably chase us to the schoolyard or even the school building.

To be honest, I'm scared as hell! My legs are shaking so badly, I'm in tears because I'm so scared!
It's so different from what you see on the screen of your phone. It's the same world, nothing separating us, and a giant carnivorous beast is blowing me to death. Facing a predator and a prey without a cage or a moat, I've never experienced anything like that in my previous life in the ministry.

But I knew it! I was prepared for it!
Most of my classmates are fifteen years old. They're just kids. I'm in Alaska, you know. We're adults.
What are you going to do if you don't protect them?
That's why I'm not going to run away from them.



My tutor, Mr. Mardu, gave me this advice in a letter.

'Young lady, as for what to do if you encounter the magical beast you asked about, in the case of the earth attribute, it is recommended that you first generate a golem as large as possible to intimidate the magical beast. Depending on the nature of the magical beast, it will not defy a creature larger than itself and will flee, so we will attempt to do that.

They're not likely to run away, though. ......
But I'll try!

I pour magic power into the ground. The soil responds. I'm not sure what to make of this. It's about the size of a three-story house.
I form a fist and raise it.

A roaring roar was heard from beyond the golem.

The leaping demonic beast shattered the golem's fist, landed on top of the golem's head, and roared again.
Its eyes looked at Ekaterina as if to shoot through.

I glare back.
But with tears in my eyes!

I collapse the golem at once. A clod of earth rains down on the fallen magical beast.
But soon the beast bounced off the dirt with a single shake and took a step forward with its thick paws.

Is it coming?
It's so close, I'm scared!
But I'll fight back!

The hexenbiest kicked the ground.
At that moment.

The hexenbiest kicks at the ground, and at that moment, the magic power tightens.

In front of the hexenbiest, a shimmering shield appears. The dark-gray behemoth, which is about three meters long and probably weighs 300 to 400 kilograms, is bounced back by the shield and rolls to the ground.

The shield also fell to the ground, and a chill blew in the air. This shield is ice.
A tall figure with light blue hair had appeared at the entrance to the training grounds.

"Ekaterina!

Big brother!
Wow, she's here!



Seeing it as a new enemy, the magical beast turned to Alexei.

I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea. There was not a trace of fear there. And the overwhelming magical power welling up inside him.

Alexei took a swing with his right hand.

Don!

A spear of ice appeared, piercing through the body of the magical beast.
It was not created by throwing ice at the beast, but by using magic to create a frozen atmosphere inside the beast's body. It was created by using magic power to create freezing air inside the hexenbiest's body. It perfectly controlled the difficult magic power and tore the hexenbiest apart from its body.

Amazing!
Big brother's strong! It's so cool!

As expected, the magical beast staggered back.
However, he roared again and shook himself, and the ice spear broke. Blue-black blood spurted out, but it stopped immediately.


I remembered Dr. Mardu's advice.

I remembered Dr. Mardu's advice: "Hexenbiests are completely different from other creatures, and they won't die unless the magical core inside their bodies is destroyed. The magical core is usually located in the heart, but it is not uncommon for it to be located in other parts of the body. There have been cases of magical cores in the tips of the feet or the tail, etc. If you cannot destroy the magical cores by attacking the heart, you should give up on destroying them and use some other method to block their movement.
In the first place, it is difficult to destroy the magic core with the magic power of the earth attribute.

Alexei's attack must have destroyed the heart, but the magic core was probably not there.
If that's the case, then it's time to lock him in the ground and block his movement. But how can you lock up such an agile guy? I'll have to try!


I thought. The water from the fountain in the training ground spurted upwards.

A large amount of water poured down from above the hexenbiest's head.
It was frozen by Alexei's magic power.

 Water...yes, speaking of the owner of the magic power of the water attribute.

If you look at the entrance of the training ground, next to Alexei, there is also a man with summer sky colored hair. It's a good idea to have a good idea of what you're looking for.

Two Noble&amp; Royal and super handsome men fighting together side by side! Fierce moe!
If it weren't for the three-meter-long magical beast that struggled and flailed in front of them, trying to break the ice that covered their heads!
I don't care how nice you two are, I'm too scared to look away from that hexenbiest! The earth shakes like crazy!

However, Mikhail is not only supplying water, but every time he crushes the ice that binds the hexenbiest, he hits it with water like a spear to stagger its huge body, blocking its attacks and then trying to close it in ice again. It's a brilliant way to control magic power.
Both Alexei and Mikhail seem to know how to deal with magical beasts. They even seem to have experience in fighting them.

Both of them are in the highest class of the Imperial Kingdom, so why do they seem to have so much experience? Truly amazing!

I noticed that the ground around the magical beast was completely muddy.
Then....

It's hard to deal with mud that contains elements other than soil, but I muster up my magic power. The mud crawls up the body of the magical beast, and the freezing air freezes it. The hardness of frozen earth is said to be equivalent to that of concrete, so it should be more effective than ice in blocking movement.
In addition, the earth was shoveled away from the feet of the rampaging magical beast. The beast sinks as if it had fallen into a pit. The soil that he dodged was piled on top of the frozen soil before the beast could even shake it off, turning it into a restraint that did not even allow it to struggle.

Before I knew it, I was breathing on my shoulder. It's so hard!
But I can do it. I'm sure I can do it.

Before I knew it, the magical beast was completely covered in frost.
It couldn't move anymore. It can't move.

I've won.
I wonder?

At that moment.

Bish! and the sound of a crack echoed through the air.

Goooooooooooo!

An enraged roar roared out, and the cracked and shattered frozen earth peeled away from the magical beast that stood up on its hind legs.
The dark gray giant leaped towards Alexei and Mikhail.

I'm not sure what to do.

In a flash, he releases his magic power, and an earthen wall rises in front of the two of them.
 

But... as if it had read that, the magical beast landed on the earthen wall, and kicked it further and further away.

Then it kicks it, and leaps to an even greater height.

From that height, it bared its fangs and took aim.


I'm not sure what to do, but I'm going to do it.

(......)

My mind went completely blank.


I'm not sure what to make of it. Please run or hide.

It's not flying, but .......
You can't do either, doctor. .......

The panic caused him to lose control of his magic, and the earthen wall he had built in front of Alexei and the prince collapsed.


Idiot.

I'm a villainess.
I'm not a heroine.
I was no match for her.

It was just a game.
Like I wouldn't die.
I was wrong.

I'm sorry, big brother!


As my mind raced with fragmented thoughts, I couldn't take my eyes off the three rows of white fangs as if I were mesmerized.


Suddenly, a cherry blossom color spread before my eyes.

No!

A strained voice struck my ears.
A white light shone from the cherry blossom color.


Flora held out her arms to protect Ekaterina and stood between her and the magical beast.
The magical beast was struggling in the air. It was wrapped in a soft white light and was struggling. No matter how violent the huge body was, the white light did not waver.

The movements of the magical beast, which hadn't faltered even after being pierced through its body, became feeble. From its all-black eyes, its anger disappeared, and it seemed to have a clear light in it.

The magical beast, which had already stopped moving, quietly looked at Flora with its eyes.

The white light suddenly disappeared, and with it, the magical beast disappeared as well.
