Insertion Story - Brother and Sister in Two States
A little further back in time, after Ekaterina had run away from Alexei.

During a short break after his first afternoon class, Alexei covered his eyes with his hands, elbows on the desk, and sighed for the umpteenth time.

Alexei had a rough time in class earlier. He was completely absent-minded, and when the teacher asked him a question, he not only couldn't answer, he didn't even know what the teacher was asking him. He was stunned when the teacher said, "That's enough. This was unacceptable to him, as he had always maintained a flawless class attitude ever since he entered the school.

A large male student appeared next to Alexei.

"Hey, Duke. What's wrong with you today? Is something wrong?

He says curiously. With his fiery red hair, golden eyes, and tall, splendid muscles, he is Nikolai Kruimov. He is the legitimate son of a countess.

Nikolai has a carefree personality and talks to Alexei, who is shunned by everyone in the class, even the teachers, in the same way he talks to everyone else.
At the Magic Academy, there are no class changes, and the same faces are seen for three years. I knew that there were people who called Alexei "Duke" behind his back, in the sense of making fun of him for the work he had done in the Duke's domain since his first year. But only Nikolai calls him by his nickname to his face.
The reason why he did not blame them was because of the debt that the Yurnovs once owed to the Kruimovs. But even though he had inherited the title, Nikolai's deep voice still called him "Duke," which felt like a name that was unique to him and not a title, and he no longer felt uncomfortable.

Secretly, Alexei thinks of Nikolai as the opposite of himself. Even if he doesn't intend to, Alexei can make the atmosphere tense just by stepping into a place, while Nikolai seems to make the place warm and relaxed just by being there.

And now, Alexei was too weak. That's why he said what he did.

"I made my ……sister cry.
"What?

Nikolai rolls his eyes.

"Oh, come on, is that why? My sister is a creature that cries all the time, even when nothing is going on. If I let it go, before I know it, I'll be in the wrong, and my dad or mom will have to beat me up, and he'll see it and go all akanbei on me.

He also seemed to have a sister, and the second half of the story was just a blur.

It is strange that the Count and Countess are "father," "mother," and "punching," but the Kruimov family is special. The Kruimovs are a family that has passed down the secret art of breeding and training horses that are mixed with magical beasts. While many noble families leave the management of their estates to their janitors, the head of the Kruimov family works in a vast ranch and is known to pick up foals by hand during foaling season. The countess of the current generation is said to be a daughter of a powerful marquis family, but she loves horses so much that she was forced to be a wife to the Kruimovs, and was called a "gem" by the previous countess.

And then Nikolai said, "Oh," as if he remembered something.

"Well, your sister is here, isn't she? Isn't she beautiful, with indigo hair and purplish blue eyes?
She was so mature and beautiful that I couldn't believe she was a freshman. She was so pale that she looked almost translucent, and she was so thin that she looked like she was about to break. At first glance, she looked unapproachable, but when I told her where you were, she politely thanked me. She was nice, but she had a kind of sparkling elegance that was amazing.
Sorry, that's a different creature from my sister. If that's my sister, then mine's a monkey.

Hahaha, Nikolai laughs.

"They say you're one of the most beautiful freshmen this year. They call her the Blue Rose. There's another beautiful girl who stands out, and she's called the Cherry Blossom Girl.
Anyway, why did you make your ladylike sister cry? You care for her so much that you'd be depressed.
"There was something unfavorable about the ……companionship. The classmates I brought as friends were of disproportionate status.……

"Hooray.

Nikolai snorted, as if the answer was unexpected.

I told her not to go out with me, and she cried because she didn't want to.
……But your sister has always known how to do that, hasn't she?
"She hasn't been socializing ……much. She's been on a long ……retreat.
"Oh, by the way, you came late after the entrance ceremony, saying that your sister had collapsed. I guess you're weak, you're getting more and more different from my monkey.
But then... that classmate with a different identity would be the first friend you ever made, wouldn't it?

Alexei's eyes widened at those words.
That was exactly what it should have been. Not only was she a friend, but when she was at the estate, she had been reported to not open up to anyone, to the point that the servants serving near her side rarely even heard Ekaterina's voice.
Since coming to the imperial capital, Ekaterina had become so cheerful that it was difficult to even imagine her as she had been reported. That's why I had lost track of her.

If I say something like that too strongly, it could get complicated if I'm not careful.
That classmate, was he an undesirable type that you couldn't let him go out with?
"No…….

It reminded me of Flora, who talked about her origins without any condescension. She was much more dignified than a lowly aristocrat.

I just…… wanted her to learn how to socialize with the nobility. She doesn't know anything yet, and she's too kind. I wanted her to have connections that would protect her.……

Alexei clammed up. The closer you are to the person, the more tricky it is, and he knows this all too well.

It occurred to me.
I wonder what your grandfather would have done.
My grandfather, Sergei, used people regardless of their status as long as they were capable. But he was talking about his subordinates. My grandfather's best friend, Forli, was the third son of a marquis, and although he later broke off his relationship with his family, he was born into a family worthy of a friend.

But my ……grandfather had a half-brother. He is Alexei's great-uncle, the bastard Isaac. Despite having different mothers, my grandfather and his great-uncle were close brothers, and my grandfather loved his younger brother, who was five years younger than him, from an early age. A bit eccentric, but kind, Isaac is now a renowned scholar and interacts with people from all walks of life. I'm sure he would have brought him to my grandfather.

Even if Alexei had introduced his commoner friend to his grandfather, it was unlikely that his grandfather would have had any say in their friendship.

Yes, my grandfather would not interfere. It's the thorough exclusion of friends with different identities…….

Alexei grabbed his bangs languidly.

(Yekaterina……, you were right.)

A voice ranting in fury came back to my ears.
It's my grandmother who excludes me.

It's the same as your grandmother's who…… tortured your mother.……

He had always considered his grandfather to be his guiding spirit, and after his grandfather's death, he thought he had protected the Dukes of Eurynova from his grandmother's tyranny. He was proud of the fact that he, not his father, had inherited the dukedom from his grandfather. He was proud of that.
And yet, before I knew it, I had become tainted by my grandmother's ideas.

I wonder if she will ever ask me to hold her hand again…….



He tapped me on the shoulder with a pop.
Duke, hey Duke, what's up? Youlnova. Alexei.
Alexei came back to himself when Nikolai called him.

Are you okay? You don't look so good. You don't look well, do you?
"No. My physical condition is fine.

Nikolai smiled at Alexei, who stubbornly shook his head.

It's like an ice rose that's melted and shriveled.
What……?
"I don't know if you've heard of it, but it's a nickname some girls have for you.
Well, don't feel too down. Siblings will always be siblings no matter what, and there will always be times when things get a little rough. As for socializing with your friends, why don't you just let them go for the three years you're at the school? Unless you're afraid that your friends will tell you something crazy.

For a brief moment, Alexei smiled from the corner of his lips.

It's just ……cooking.
Yeah?
"She learned how to cook from her friend and brought it to the office. She wanted me to make sure she got a proper meal.
"Is there such a sister in the world?

Nikolai snorted with a straight face.

"My monkey would eat my food if it was on the table. But when I ate his snacks, he chased me around the yard waving a pitchfork.

A pitchfork is a huge fork that can kill people and is used to scoop up grass and other plants on a farm.

"Unlike Monkey, your sister is an angel. I don't think you have much to worry about. You should talk to her tomorrow to see if she's worried about you.
Yeah…….

Alexei stammered, as if he hadn't been able to make a quick decision in the Oval Office.
I didn't feel like I could talk to him because I was afraid of being rejected.



The next morning.
Alexei showed up looking exactly as usual, which made Nikolai chuckle.

"Good morning, Duke. You look well.
Oh, good morning. About yesterday's matter, my sister came to visit me after school and resolved it. Sorry for the trouble.

Alexei said, clearing his throat.
Then, he lowered his gaze and said in a small voice. He looked embarrassed.

"I appreciate your advice, and thanks for ……yesterday.
"Yes.

Nikolai smiled guiltily, but then quickly frowned and rubbed the back of his head.

"What? What's wrong?
"Uh, I got a little stab in my eye. ……No, it's nothing.

It seems that the dark struggle between the girls over Alexei, which Nikolai doesn't know much about, has been sending stray bullets to the boys as well. It's not really a struggle, it's more like it's so inaccessible that no one can approach him directly, and the situation has become incomprehensible because of checks and balances and agreements, and nowadays, if something happens to Alexei, it seems to create an unfamiliar excitement. The smile at the entrance ceremony, for example.
It is a difficult thing to do.

Well, good for you.

Nikolai said, Alexei nodded with a faint smile, and a soundless scream echoed through the classroom.
