Bombs and Apple Pie
It was some time after Ekaterina and Alexei had made up.

Forli, who had been discussing the planting of trees in the duke's territory, came to the office to report on the situation.
This time, too, he was having a power lunch in front of the lunch prepared by Ekaterina and Flora.

The first thing we did was to identify the areas that had been cut down but were not yet cultivated for various reasons. We want to plant trees in those areas first.
As for the saplings to be planted, we will be transplanting those that grow naturally in the forest. Logging has stopped in some areas due to the appearance of Genryu, and there are loggers who are in need of work. Some of the loggers are having trouble finding work, and they are eager to do it if they can get paid for their labor.
In the future, we will encourage some farmers to grow seedlings. We believe that even those who only have thin farmland can grow saplings. In addition to Heilong cedar, it would be a good idea to plant a mixture of other trees such as walnut and cherry wood, the fruits of which are edible and can be sold as furniture. The black dragon cedar sells well, but it takes 20 to 50 years before it can be used as building material, so we need something that can be sold more quickly.

Hmmm, Mr. Forli, you can do it!
Mr. Forli, you can do it! You have taken a vague idea and put it into reality. He has taken a vague idea and put it into reality. He has also taken measures against unemployment, poverty, and famine.
In addition, most of the plantations in Japan are made of cedar trees, which are harmful to the environment, not to mention pollen allergies. It has low water retention capacity and is not good for the ecosystem. If we mix cedar and broadleaf trees, we will not have such problems.

Are you thinking of buying the seedlings?
"Yes, sir. I thought about exempting the cultivators from taxes, but I thought it would be better to get money in a simple way. After all, the idea of planting trees is a new one. Everyone thinks it's better to be able to plant food that can be eaten immediately after it's turned into farmland, so I think it's necessary to show the connection between planting and profit.

This is also true. There are a lot of people who reject the idea just because they have never done it before, and I had a hard time every time I released a new system in my SE days.

"What do the forest people think?

Hmm?

They're skeptical that it will work, but they appreciate our efforts to stop deforestation.
I see. It is said that Genryu respects the people of the forest. I'm somewhat hopeful that this attempt will not be passed on from the forest people to the dragon.

"Um, brother, Lord Forli. What kind of people are the forest people?
Oh, Ekaterina didn't know?

In the event that you have any questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can contact us at the web site.

Something like elves? But there are no elves in this world, so I guess they are like the Sanka, the mountain people who lived in Japan in a previous life.

The forest people are divided into several tribes, and the head of the largest tribe is Forli's wife.
What?
...... Well, you see...

I'm not sure what to do.
In the event that you have any questions regarding where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site.
He became a subordinate of his grandfather's, and has been in love with her ever since.

That's amazing! The romance!
I couldn't help but look at Flora and her face, but both girls' eyes were sparkling. It's the kind of power that can turn even a woman of Alaska's age into a maiden.

Coughing once more, Forli sipped her lunch.

Today, it was pies. Meat pie, mushroom pie, gratin pie with lots of vegetables, and apple pie.
It's not something that can be made in just a lunch break, but Ekaterina and Flora actually drop by the kitchen the day before after school, before the start of the school day, or during a short break in the morning to prepare them. Recently, it has become a routine for them to have tea in the dormitory every night, reviewing their lessons and discussing tomorrow's recipes during their break. The kitchen staff also wants to know Flora's recipes and will help her in exchange, and as a result, the lunches become more and more elaborate.

As a result, the lunches became more and more elaborate. ...... There's something nostalgic about the taste.

Forli said, and Flora smiled.

This is the Baroness's recipe. Her pies are really wonderful. I think you and Sir Forlì are close in age, so you may feel nostalgic.
"Baroness Cherney ......, I believe your name is Natasha.

I'm sure you've heard of her.

Yes, that's right. Yes, that's right. Mrs. Chelsea's name is Natasha. ...... You don't know her?
I'm not sure if you've heard of her or not, but she was Countess Natasha Mernault at the time, and we were in the same grade here at the Academy of Magic.

Seriously?

I was in the same class as Joseph Cherney, and I met Miss Natasha through him. I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I'm not the only one who's a bit of a nerd. The food was so delicious that we used to fight over it. Prince Sergei always made sure he got it. He was a big eater.

Finally, finally. They were really close, weren't they?

"Iosef and Miss Natasha went out the night before the graduation ceremony, and it was actually Prince Sergei who arranged it.

"What about ......?
What?
What?

The bomb went off.



I'm sorry, I'm not sure what ...... means. What? The two of them? I don't think those two calm people are really that .........

Flora was confused.

I'm not sure what to say. What did you say about your grandfather?
You're saying that Flora's parents-in-law and her grandfather had such a deep relationship ......? No, but I don't think so.

Alexei and Ekaterina are also confused. I'm not sure what to make of this. How can there be such a connection?

He was a quiet and unassuming person at first glance, but he had a strong core, and he never wavered in saying he didn't like something. That's what Prince Sergei liked about him. I think it's fair to say that he saw something in him.
I don't know how he met Miss Natasha, but by the time they were in their second year, they seemed to be inseparable. It wasn't a flashy love affair, but it seemed like they were going to be together for life.
However, Miss Natasha's family had arranged another marriage and would not allow her to marry Iosef, so the entire student body had to send them away to Cherny. It was the greatest memory of my school life.

The students are on a rampage, or ....... I'm not sure what to make of this.

I'm not sure what to make of this, but I think it's a good idea. When I found out about it, I punched him in the face.

.......

...... I remember that your grandfather didn't like pies very much.
I think he ate too much, and later on he kept saying he had heartburn. After that, he didn't like to eat them anymore.

.......

I mean, what⁉︎?
I've never met your grandfather, but I've seen his portrait at the Duke's residence. I've seen portraits of him at the duke's mansion, and I've even seen a couple of shots of him with his ten-year-old brother, and I've squealed at the sight of his beautiful boyishness. ...... Your grandfather was a wonderful uncle, rugged but super-dandy, like dignity personified.

Even though it's an episode from when he was young, there's still too much of a gap!

The Novaks are laughing while their grandchildren are holding their heads in their hands. For them, Sergei was the benefactor who had brought them up and the boss of respectability itself, but they knew that he had an aloof side that was not all that.

Forli, why didn't you tell me the other day about your grandfather and Baron Cherney ......?
"I thought it was for you to decide, young man. I thought it would be better to say that you were special because of your association with Prince Sergei.
"......

Alexei was unusually reluctant to say anything. If he had admitted that he had known Yekaterina and Flora as long as he had known his grandfather, he would never have been able to rethink his thinking.

I've been wondering what happened to Iosef and Miss Natasha since then, but with everything that's happened to me, I've never been able to find out. It is a strange coincidence that I am very happy to learn that they are still living in harmony.

Sighing, Forli took another bite of the pie and said that it still tasted nostalgic.



"My heart hurts.

After seeing off the duke's carriage carrying Iosef and Natasha, he punched Sergei, who joked that he had eaten all of the thank-you pie, punched him back, punched him again, and after a short scuffle, they both fell to the ground.
They fought for a while and then both fell to the ground.

You've eaten too much. You have heartburn. A whole hall by yourself?
'I've always wanted to try it.
"Stupid.
"Yeah.

Sergei sighed.

'You shouldn't have sent him to .......
'I don't want that. It's ....... It's fine, this much.
"Shut up. Why do you always have to get in my way, you idiot?

It is true that he was never in love with her.
But Sergei was already engaged to the imperial princess Alexandra, and even though they looked beautiful together, the prideful and ruthless Alexandra and the earnest and somehow elusive, yet unfailingly fair and gentle Sergei were now ominously opposite.
Natasha was not the type to be praised as a beauty, but she was petite, had kind eyes, and smelled sweet. If he had married Natasha, Sergei would have been happy.

"I will never eat apple pie again.

Sergei moaned, and Forli laughed.



It was a time when he had never dreamed that his annoying best friend, who for some reason had never stopped bothering him, would leave him so soon.
In retrospect, those were good times.

*** Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version) ***

