I'm a villain, but I'll be participating in the event.
That day, I woke up somewhat early.
I was sitting up in bed, looking over the letter I had left by my bedside, when Mina came into the bedroom and opened her small eyes.

'Good morning, Mina.
'Good morning, Miss. You're up early today.
I'm awake.

Mina opened the curtains and Ekaterina squinted in the glare of the morning sun.
It's going to be a beautiful day.

Are you going to do anything today?
'Well, I have my first class. I have my first class on magic control, but it's my first time doing it. So I've been going over the advice Mardu gave me. You know, the tutor who delivered sweets to Mina.
"You are the teacher with the little girl, aren't you? Your daughter was very happy with the sweets. That teacher was very grateful because she paid her daughter for every question she asked. There is no one else like him.
His knowledge is for sale. Your knowledge is for sale. It's a fair compensation.

Well, when I was an SE in my previous life, I used to get caught on the phone with clients from my previous job and spend a lot of time asking questions. I wasn't even a maintenance person, I was already working on a new project, and they said, "Can't you do this? Then fix it so I can do it," they said.
Knowledge and skills don't come for free!
You have to learn from others. Especially this teacher, who was from a noble family with magical powers, but became a tutor after her downfall, reminded me of being a commoner in a video game. She has a small child.

You don't have to work so hard. The teacher praised the young lady, saying that she has a lot of magic power, so her lessons at the school will be a piece of cake.
Thank you, Mina. Thank you, Mina. I just want to make sure I'm prepared.

The teacher is also wondering about the letter. It's not often that the earth attribute requires such a high level of attack skills in class.
Nevertheless, he answered the variations of attacks I asked about with great care. Thank you, teacher.

Because if the game is correct, in the first class where you learn the actual skills of controlling magic power, there should be an event that will have a serious impact on the flag of the destruction of the empire.



The event was the appearance of a magical beast.
Just as they are about to start the magic control class in the schoolyard, a powerful magical beast appears. The heroine must join forces with the prince who comes rushing in to fight off the magical beast and awaken to her own magical power.
If the heroine is unable to clear this event - the flag of the destruction of the Imperial Kingdom will be raised. Eventually, the Demon Dragon King will attack the Imperial City, and the Imperial Castle will be trampled.
So, I'll do my best to clear the event!


...... is what I should say.

I've been living in this world for almost a month now, and I'm thinking.
I'm not sure if there are really any magical beasts that appear here ......?


The Magic Academy, or rather the center of the Imperial Capital in general, hasn't seen a hexenbiest in hundreds of years.
So in a previous life, that event would have been like a giant bear suddenly appearing near the Yasuda Auditorium at the University of Tokyo and going on a rampage.
Just as there are bears in Japan, there are magical beasts living in the Imperial Kingdom. But they only live in the forests, mountains, and lakes, never in the streets. Even back in the Edo period, there were no bears in the flowery city of Edo.

As a magical beast, maybe it can be summoned? I thought it might be possible to summon them, but it seems that the current empire doesn't have the technology to do so.
A thousand years ago, there was a huge empire called Astra that flourished in this area and boasted an area several times the size of the Yulgran Empire (like the Roman Empire of the past. There is a story that the empire of Astra, which flourished around here about a thousand years ago and was several times the size of the Yulgran Empire (it was like the Roman Empire of the past, the spiritual home of the empire and neighboring countries), had such technology, but the details have been lost.
So, I have no idea how a magical beast could appear here.

When I was trying to figure out how to clear this event, I once thought that I could make up some reason to have armed knights or something, so that the students wouldn't have to fight unarmed. The game didn't say anything about why or how the hexenbiest appeared, and I couldn't come up with a good enough reason to make such an arrangement.
Let's say I tried to tell them that the hexenbiest was supposed to appear.
They wouldn't believe me for sure.
If I said to the administration of the University of Tokyo, "There is going to be a bear around your Yasuda Auditorium today, please arrange for a hunting party," they would only say, "What? I'm sure they would only say, "What?
So, it's absolutely impossible for me to place a knight order. I think your brother would be worried about your mental health.

Also, I got scared when I thought of ...... that if I arranged for the knights to be in a different state than in the game, it would be like fate was twisted and instead of the events of the game not happening, something worse like a natural disaster would occur.
You can't say it's impossible!

So, I have no choice but to do what I can ...... do.
It's a good idea to use as much magical power as you can to fight off the magical beasts of the event.



I'm not sure if you've seen this before, but I'm sure you have.

The training ground is just a lightly divided section of the schoolyard, but it's quite large. It looks like it could take up four tennis courts. There is a fountain with graceful sculptures spraying water, bushes, flower beds, and rows of platforms for lighting bonfires. It must be for the actual practice of earth, water, and fire, which are by far the most common magical attributes. There is also a lot of wind, but this does not require any special equipment. There are also various other attributes such as ice, light, darkness, and lightning, and some people have more than one attribute.

Some students are excited, some are depressed, and others have a variety of expressions on their faces as they learn to control their magic power for the first time in a practical class.
As long as they were allowed to enter the magic academy, they all possessed magic power that met the standard, but there were individual differences. It is inevitable that some are happy to show the extent of their magical power through practical exercises, while others are not. The second and third sons who can't inherit the family are in desperate need of a good marriage or adoption if their magical power is strong enough, even if their family background is low or they have financial difficulties.

(Well, there was a story about a desperate search for a son-in-law in a historical novel in my previous life. I guess samurai and aristocrats all end up in the same place.

As I looked around, I noticed that Flora's expression was a little stiff.

"Lady Flora, is there something on your mind?
No, I'm sorry, .......

I remembered when she smiled at me.

Oh, you haven't determined the attribute of your magic power, have you?

I'm not sure what to make of it. But the heroine's magic attribute is initially "? I'm sure you'll agree.
So, when the soiree trio heard these words, they immediately began to say.

It's a mistake to enroll in this school. Isn't it a mistake to enroll in this school?
"That's right.

I'm not sure what to make of it, but I'm sure it's worth it. I'm not sure what to make of that.
I'm not sure what to make of this. I'm not sure what to say.

In the event that you have any kind of questions concerning where and how to use the internet, you can call us at the web site. I'm looking forward to finding out what kind of attributes you have.

In the game, the heroine was made to feel special, but when she came to this world, she found that it was actually common for her to have rare attributes.

"Yes, I'm looking forward to it too. But I also feel a little scared.
"Maybe that's the way it is. I'm a little jealous of you, because I'm the most common earth attribute.

I'm sorry, Flora. I know your magic attribute. But I can't tell you.
I'm sorry I had to say something so bland and bland.

But the events of the ...... game are about the heroine and the prince working together to defeat a magical beast.
When I was playing the game on my phone, I could just hit the buttons on the screen to attack.

If a magical beast actually attacked here, how would Flora-chan, who doesn't even know her own magical attribute, be able to fight it⁉︎?
It's impossible!
I'm sure you're not the only one.



"Now then, let's begin the practical training. Everyone, please gather here.

The teacher called out, and Ekaterina came back to herself.
At that time....
The teacher called out, and Ekaterina came back to herself.

What?

She felt something. Without knowing what it was, Ekaterina turned around.
In front of the fountain, she saw a flickering shimmer like a shimmering flame. She looked at it and wondered what it was. 

The shimmering flame spread wide.

A black flame appeared at its core, spreading and

It shakes the air with a chattering sound.

The space... splits open.


A roar struck my ears.

Its body is gray, almost black. It has the form of a carnivorous beast similar to a wolf, but it is covered in shining metallic scales. Three rows of shark-like fangs peeked out from its roaring mouth.
I shouldn't have compared it to a bear, it makes even black bears look cute, and it's estimated to be three meters long! I'm pretty sure the largest grizzly bear I've ever seen was about that long!

Really, really, there it is.
A hexenbiest from the game.

No, no, no, no, no, it's much bigger than it looks on the phone. It's so big!
This isn't the kind of difficulty you should be facing in the beginning of a game, you idiot!

*** Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version) ***

