Event clearing and pledges
A hush fell over the training room.

Flora's body swayed unsteadily, and Ekaterina rushed to embrace her from behind. But her legs were not strong enough either, and they both sat down slumped.

Half-crying, wobbling and shaking, Ekaterina hugged Flora.


Thank you. Thank you.
I can't believe he'd go up to that scary guy and cover for him.
Flora, how brave you are.
You must have been scared, too.
It's amazing.
After all, heroines are amazing.


"Huh, Huh, Lady Flora, are you feeling all right?

In Kami Kami, Ekaterina cares for Flora.


It's okay…….

With a sigh, Flora gently laid her hand on Ekaterina's arm that was wrapped around her.

Are you injured, Miss Ekaterina?
"I'm fine, I'm fine…….

After she replied, Ekaterina realized that Flora had called her name for the first time.

There.

"Ekaterina!

Alexei rushed over and touched his sister on the shoulder.

"Brother!

Turning around, Ekaterina jumped into her brother's arms.


Wow, that was a scary ministry!

Alexei hugged his sister as hard as he could, forgetting to take it easy on her as she cried out like a child.

"Ekaterina…… Ekaterina.

It hurts. It hurts so much that my body creaks, but I'm glad about that now.
It hurts! I'm alive!

I'm not afraid of Alaska, I'm not afraid of being a company man, I thought I was going to die!
In a previous life, there was a system failure and I was told that if I didn't restore the system within three hours, I would be charged billions in compensation, my hands were shaking and my heart was palpitating so much I thought I was going to die. I thought I was going to die, but I didn't really die!
Those fangs!
It's scary to remember, I was so scared of the ministry.


Alexei, who had been repeating his sister's name in a scratchy voice, came back to himself when he heard Ekaterina moan softly, and finally loosened his arms.

I'm sorry. You're in pain.

Still clinging to her brother, Ekaterina shook her head.

"Thank…… you, brother. ……Thank…… you for coming.

When Ekaterina finally said it, sniffling, Alexei put a little more strength back into the arms that held his sister and whispered.


"I'll go anywhere for you. I'll go to hell or back to save you. I promise.


 …………………………………………………………Kyu.


I'm dead! Moe died in every element!

In my arms! In my ear! He whispered to me, in my brother's wonderful voice!
The effect was doubled because of the sadness in her voice! And doubled even more because of the bracon!
The words are again, J-Pop lyrics, the kind that are used in anime theme songs! But it's not that I'm trying to be cool about any of this, it's just that I'm expressing what I really think as accurately as possible!
Most importantly, as the saying goes, you really rushed in without regard for the danger to your life!

No more, my sister can't marry anywhere! Brother, take responsibility!

I'm not saying that I'm an idiot.
But when I died, my legs got stronger. Moe is a life force!


"Big brother, ……Flora-sama helped me.

Ekaterina said, noticing that Flora, still unable to stand, was looking up at them with a smile.

Alexei nodded and untied his arms from holding his sister.
Then he got down on one knee in front of Flora and took her hand.

"Miss Flora Cherney.

I called out to him graciously, and he bowed down to me as if to press his hand.


A beautiful young man kneeling before a beautiful girl!
What a feast for the eyes! It's truly a painting!


Inwardly, Ekaterina is very excited.

"I would like to thank you for your courage in saving my sister's life. And again, I want to apologize for my rudeness the other day. I was a fool.
Oh, no.

Rolling her eyes, Flora shook her head. But Alexei continued to speak.

"Our house, Yurl Nova, owes you a debt of gratitude that can never be repaid. Therefore, I ask you to accept this pledge.


I swear!
I'm pretty sure the prince did too in the game!


"I, Alexei, Lord of Eurnova, declare Flora Cerny to be the friend of Eurnova. I, Alexei, am the head of Eurnova, and I have chosen Flora Cerny to be my friend, and all those who bear the name of Eurnova shall rejoice in the good fortune of their friends, and fight their enemies as their enemies.
Your enemy is my enemy, your joy is my joy.
As such, I, Alexei, do hereby swear.
 

Wow…….
The warlike phrases, which seem to be remnants of the founding era, make the blood of historical women boil!


"My Lord……! Please don't worry about it. Please don't mind me. I am the one who owes Lady Ekaterina more than I can ever repay. Don't kneel down to me.
"I can't stand until you take the oath. Because that's what a vow is.

Alexei says calmly to Flora, who shakes her head. That calmness, in turn, makes me feel an unwaveringness that I cannot move even with leverage.

"Wow, okay. I'll take it. So please, stand up. Please stand up.

When Flora said that she was troubled, Alexei smiled slightly. He stood up and gently pulled on Flora's hand.
Eyes wide, Flora hung on to Alexei's hand and slowly stood up.


Oh, my brother, you're wonderful! He's a real picture of beauty!

But…… this...……
Flag?
I wonder if it is. I…… don't know.

I thought there was no route where the heroine could attack her brother. But in the game, the brother didn't show up for this event. But in the game, he didn't show up for this event, so maybe he rushed in like this, and a new route was born?
I was a disappointed woman whose only real love life was a black history, so I couldn't help myself if I strayed from the flow of the game.

If that's the case, I'm happy for my brother, but I still miss him.…… I'm happy to be reincarnated as my brother's sister. I wish I could have at least tried to capture my brother in a game in my previous life.
